- [Michael] Spring Boot has quickly become
for Java based projects the go-to framework
for quickly standing up containerless architectures.
It works out of the box with little to no configuration.
It additionally includes features that most projects need
like security, environment profiling, metrics,
and embedded containers.
In production environments, if you you're using Java,
Spring Boot is a no-brainer.
Getting to production however, raises a number
of questions that architects, engineers,
and system administrators need to figure out
and work together.
I'm going to show you how to leverage Spring Boot
for production, demonstrating several build techniques
that package your application as a JAR or RPM,
Docker image, and even a native distribution.
I'll also walk you through the process
of creating GitHub actions to automate your build processes
for both AWS and Microsoft Azure.
This video series will present these elements to you
as various recipes for accomplishing all of these tasks.
I'm Michael Rodgers
and I've been programming professionally
as well as working as a system administrator now
for over 15 years.
If you're ready to take your software engineering skills
up a level, then come join me in my LinkedIn Learning course
on using Spring Boot in production.